Porting to DSL2 (#42)
qbic-pipelines/bamtofastq: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!--

> # nf-core/bamtofastq pull request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# qbic-pipelines/bamtofastq pull request
```

> Many thanks for contributing to nf-core/bamtofastq!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many thanks for contributing to qbic-pipelines/bamtofastq!
```

Please fill in the appropriate checklist below (delete whatever is not relevant).
These are the most common things requested on pull requests (PRs).

Remember that PRs should be made against the dev branch, unless you're preparing a pipeline release.

> Learn more about contributing: [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/nf-core/bamtofastq/tree/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn more about contributing: [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/qbic-pipelines/bamtofastq/tree/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md)
```

-->

## PR checklist

- [ ] This comment contains a description of changes (with reason).
- [ ] If you've fixed a bug or added code that should be tested, add tests!

>   - [ ] If you've added a new tool - have you followed the pipeline conventions in the [contribution docs](https://github.com/nf-core/bamtofastq/tree/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [ ] If you've added a new tool - have you followed the pipeline conventions in the [contribution docs](https://github.com/qbic-pipelines/bamtofastq/tree/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md)
```

>   - [ ] If necessary, also make a PR on the nf-core/bamtofastq _branch_ on the [nf-core/test-datasets](https://github.com/nf-core/test-datasets) repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [ ] If necessary, also add test data to the _testdata_ folder
```
